Don't worry about what anybody else is going to do. The best way to predict the future is to invent it. - Alan Kay
Premature optimization is the root of all evil (or at least most of it) in programming. - Donald Knuth
No problem should ever have to be solved twice. - Eric S. Raymond, How to become a hacker
Attitude is no substitute for competence. - Eric S. Raymond, How to become a hacker
It is said that the real winner is the one who lives in today but able to see tomorrow. - Juan Meng, Reviewing "The future of ideas" by Lawrence Lessig
Fools ignore complexity. Pragmatists suffer it. Some can avoid it. Geniuses remove it. - Alan J. Perlis (Epigrams in programming)
A year spent in artificial intelligence is enough to make one believe in God. - Alan J. Perlis (Epigrams in programming)
Within a computer natural language is unnatural. - Alan J. Perlis (Epigrams in programming)
A little learning is a dangerous thing. - Alexander Pope
There really is no learning without doing. - Roger Schank, Engines for Education
The best way to learn to live with our limitations is to know them. -E. W. Dijkstra, The humble programmer
An expert is, according to my working definition "someone who doesn't need to look up answers to easy questions". - Eric Lippert.
The programmer must seek both perfection of part and adequacy of collection. - Alan J. Perlis
Thus, programs must be written for people to read, and only incidentally for machines to execute. - Alan J. Perlis
Lisp programmers know the value of everything but the cost of nothing. - Alan J. Perlis
To iterate is human, to recurse divine. - L. Peter Deutsch
The best thing about a boolean is even if you are wrong, you are only off by a bit. - Anonymous
Software is like sex: It’s better when it’s free. - Linus Torvalds
Everything that can be invented has been invented. - Charles H. Duell, Commissioner, U.S. Office of Patents, 1899
I think there’s a world market for about 5 computers. - Thomas J. Watson, Chairman of the Board, IBM, circa 1948
There is no reason for any individual to have a computer in his home. - Ken Olson, President, Digital Equipment Corporation, 1977
640K ought to be enough for anybody. - Bill Gates, 1981
If it keeps up, man will atrophy all his limbs but the push-button finger. - Frank Lloyd Wright
Lisp is a programmable programming language. - John Foderaro
Any sufficiently advanced technology is undistinguishable from magic. - Arthur C. Clarke
Good ideas are out there for anyone with the wit and the will to find them. - Malcolm Gladwell, Who says big ideas are rare?
Simple things should be simple. Complex things should be possible. - Alan Kay
I invented the term Object-Oriented, and I can tell you I did not have C++ in mind. - Alan Kay
All creativity is an extended form of a joke. - Alan Kay
If you don't fail at least 90 percent of the time, you're not aiminghigh enough. - Alan Kay
Revolutions come from standing on the shoulders of giants and facing ina better direction. - Alan Kay
However beautiful the strategy, you should occasionally look at the results. - Winston Churchill
Genius is 1% inspiration and 99% perspiration. - Thomas Edison
I’d rather write programs to write programs than write programs. - Richard Sites
I had to learn how to teach less, so that more could be learned. - Tim Gallwey, The inner game of work
The Work Begins Anew, The Hope Rises Again, And The Dream Lives On. - Ted Kennedy
The hardest part of design ... is keeping features out. - Donald Norman 
Before software can be reusable it first has to be usable. - Ralph Johnson 
The opposite of love is not hate, it is indifference. - Elie Wiesel
Perpetual optimism is a force multiplier. - Colin Powell
Be the change you want to see in the world.- Mahatma Gandhi
The art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it [Leadership].- Dwight D. Enseinhover.
No one is all evil. Everybody has a good side. If you keep waiting, it will comme up.- Randy Pausch
Experience is what you get when you don't get what you want.- Cited by Randy Pausch
Luck is where preparation meets opportunity.- Randy Pausch
Bonne bosse et reste le boss.- Darryl Amedon
The greatest of all weaknesses is the fear of appearing weak.- J. B. Bossuet, Politics from Holy Writ, 1709
It's easier to ask forgiveness than it is to get permission.- Rear Admiral Dr. Grace Hopper
An investment in knowledge always pays the best interest.- Benjamin Franklin
Never do the impossible. People will expect you to do it forever after.- pigsandfishes.com
Give up control. You never really had it anyway.- How to fail: 25 secrets learned through failure
Ne te mets pas de limite, la vie se chargera de la mettre a ta place.- Darryl AMEDON
Only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity. And I'm not so sure about the former.- Albert Einstein
The important thing is not to stop questioning.- Albert Einstein
Do not accept anything because it comes from the mouth of a respected person.- Buddha
Work as intensely as you play and play as intensely as you work.- Eric S. Raymond, How To Be A Hacker
A witty saying proves nothing- Voltaire
Sound methodology can empower and liberate the creative mind; it cannot inflame or inspire the drudge.- Frederick P. Brooks, No Sliver Bullet.
Nobody can make you feel inferior without your consent.- Eleanor Roosevelt
If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything.- Mark Twain
You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.- Dr. Seuss
The opposite of love is not hate, it's indifference.- Elie Wiesel
Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans.- John Lennon
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause andreflect.- Mark Twain
It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages.- Friedrich Nietzsche
In terms of energy, it's better to make a wrong choice than none at all.- George Leonard, Mastery.
Courage is grace under pressure.- Ernest Hemingway
Whatever you can do, or dream you can, begin it. Boldness has genius, power, and magic in it.- Goethe
Are you willing to wear your white belt?- George Leonard, Mastery.